Build and publish an unstable explorer version (#2181)
input-output-hk/mithril: CHANGELOG.md

## Mithril Distribution [XXXX] - UNRELEASED

> - Build and publish a `unstable` explorer, to showcase the latest features from the Client Wasm library while keeping
>   the stable explorer compatible with aggregators running on mainnet.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build and publish both a `stable` version (for release networks) and an `unstable` version (for testing networks) of the explorer.

```
